[Music]
hello welcome to another video from english
with series in this video let's look at a
excerpt from the building series
in this scene mark and tinga invited their
friends for dinner of action day
thanks
however they arrived very late and
now try to make up an excuse for
justify the delay
first let's look at the scene with subtitles
in Portuguese
Prince William now let's see the
same scene with english subtitles
the turned off prince william in
search
we are trying to find a
sorry sir tall is one was praised
quite common in the English language and may have
different meanings depending on the
context
in this room follow the discharge was used
in the sense of finding out
determine a solution after you have
thought of the subject for example the
former champion who passed away Geraldo motta each
base
after spending an hour trying
fix his computer they
finally figured out what the problem was
sometimes will follow high can mean
simply understand when we
we refer to someone's behavior by
example said instead because she always
do it
I can not understand as to the
pronunciation notice coming out uncle here was
pronounced as spain china what is
very common in english spoken the word
following has only two syllables follows the
letter is not pronounced and rsi ao uol
in general general the letter t in high
tension of rn in Portuguese and the word is
reduced to walk in the ex-west word
nal is not pronounced and oeci tension ds
even because the word here is a
noun I draw attention to this
the verb as in team which means with
license
this is a duty
so we have three pounds
china iran and his guard john authers
mark all the father of the ace at the time iran
how about that we can say that
mark told us five o'clock not four
hours
this way we are just in time you
you should remember that baltic thinning is a
expression used to introduce
a suggestion and is equivalent to ours how about
for example idol and the map
fashion
i know you don't eat pork
what such a fish means at the time
and here the word haiti was used
to emphasize this team means in
time means well on time
It is also worth mentioning that the team has
a different use of joining the team
means in time ie within the
term for example if you have to catch
the bus that will leave at five
late and you arrive at 4 45 you can
say ht
i arrived in time for the bus
this exactly at 5 o'clock the bus
arrives you can say pass the bus
arrived just in time for the pronunciation of the
word adauto the letter the attention of and is
well reduced almost imperceptible the letter
t in such joins with zh in words the letter
l is not pronounced
this word is well reduced in the word a
final letter t is paused and this word
is also reduced such a single brand mark
know the mark on does and the end is not
pronounced the letter b united o in
paiva paiva
I have used in the hostel is to reduce to the
Portuguese
so we have or we could put
pcp in the apartment and call the police
for her the word poet besides plant
and planting can mean in some
cases put in speech question fib think
in putting pcp a hallucinogenic drug
hidden in the other brand apartment
examples
he insisted that the real thief
had put crime proof on the car
his
as for pronunciation once again appears
the word cut which as i said is well
reduced the letter t in is paused
cléa realize that the word zero is
followed by a word starting with
a vowel
when this happens it is very common that
visa is also pronounced that the
letters t in the medical part word are
paulo used is reduced to in words
the letter h is not pronounced
the band pique winehouse
that would be a good way to get rid of
of all the pcp we have played by
there
we use ghetler ans as a sense of
remember something for example that fails
hooked up in iran boy he finally got
got rid of that old car there in round
is used to refer to something that
is scattered thrown around
probably a place where it shouldn't
be for example a book with
islaine round don't let your toys
thrown around
as for the pronunciation of the final letter t in
zetti is paused the letter l in portuguese
realize that the teen also used in
Portuguese the word intent to see
so stick
so we have the back pici piu piu and
Water
now let's see the same scene but without
subtitle you can pause and rewind the
video as many times as necessary
slow says paiva makes your mother
google prince william
I also have a message for you the
English speaking channel and have another video
where I talk a little bit about
pronunciation of a rude and color when joining
to the verb tail one more verb in
participle if you are curious to
know about the three different ways if
to pronounce
go on the channel and take a look at this
video you can click here or access the
link that is in the description of this video
if you enjoyed the video don't forget to
let your like comment subscribe
in the channel
thanks for watching and until next time
video